Please answer the below Data Structure Questions:

why do we need data structure?
A.Data structure is a particular way of organizing and storing data in a computer so that it can be accessed and modified efficiently.
What are the various operations that can be performed on different Data Structures?
add elements, remove , insert , search elements
List out the areas in which data structures are applied extensively?
what is an Array?
is a list of variables of the same type that are accessed through a common name.
what is the difference between the Array and ArrayList?
Array is a fixed length data structure while Array List is a variable length Collection class
what is LinkedList?
list is a dynamic data structure space acquire only when need
How is an Array different from Linked List?
what is queue?
is  a Data structure, in which insertion is done at one end, while deletion is performed at the other end.
what is stack?
also called a last-in first-out (LIFO) system, is a linear
what is FIFO and LIFO?
fifo: first in first out
lifo:last in first out
what is the order of complexity?
time of execution and space of storage
what is the best case to search an element from an array?
using loops
what is the worst case to search an element from an array?
what is tree in data structure?
is a nonlinear data structure  made up of nodes or vertices and edges
what is graph in data structure?
A set of items connected by edges. Each item is called a vertex or node.
what is the difference between the HashTable and HashMap?
What are the major data structures used in the following areas : RDBMS, Network data model and Hierarchical data model.
How HashMap works in java?
What is ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException in java? When it occurs?
What are the different ways of copying an array into another array?
What is difference between an array and a linked list?
What is DFS and BFS?
What is Recursion?
What are linear and non linear data Structures?
What is Big-(O)-notation?
Outlined different kind of sorting algorithm with time complexity?

Draw a table with time complexity in which it will summarize all the data structure feature's advantages and disadvantages.
  a)In terms of Accessing element.
  b)In terms of Inserting element.
  c)In terms of Searching element.
  d)In terms of Removing element.


